You just wanted to dig out his eyes one by one.
Why would it be too much for me to cut him off?
Where does your ignorance come from? Miss Mo'er followed the God King for more than half of her life back then.
He can kill Di Wubai and be made a general by Fengshen.
The imperial elixir was personally ordered by the God King.
How could the Mo family be disposed of arbitrarily?
You, how are you sure that you are pro-wind?
The God-King was out on an expedition and killing people,
I'm not at Shenwang Store, so I can't offer it to my family in person.
But let the God of War wear it for me,
I really drive
How dare he question the power of General Kamui's boss?
True confidants
You see and hear
The powerful general who has no sister
It was the Northern General God King who personally benefited
Then meet in person
My mother’s family flag also lasts a hundred years
Even if I steal your limelight
A parent-child who has nothing to do
What's the big deal? Give me a fight
Is it better to buy than to borrow?
This is the divine destiny of the gods turning around
Just a mile away
Can bring thunder